Using gene expression data obtained from lymphoma samples, we wish to
build a statistical model that can accurately classify samples into
subtypes of lymphoma[, namely chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Burkitt
lymphoma, DLBCL, follicular lymphoma, transformed follicular lymphoma,
mantle cell lymphoma, primary mediastinal large B cell lymphoma,
Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia, multiple myeloma, transformed marginal
zone lymphoma, and classic Hodgkin lymphoma, as well as a healthy
control]. [The data consists of 437 samples with expression levels of
1882 genes.] [The data is inferred gene expression from cfDNA
fragmentation pattern (EPIC-Seq).] Prior to training the model, we first
want to obtain feature importance scores to use in training our model,
as specified above. Your task is to provide feature importance scores
for each gene in predicting the lymphoma subtype[, based on your
knowledge on lymphoma].

We plan to use the scores with a lasso-regularized multinomial
classifier, implemented via the R package 'glmnet". The scores will
produce penalty factors (weights on the L1 norm) that are then used in
glmnet. The idea is that higher importance genes will be given smaller
penalty factors, and lower importance genes will be given larger penalty
factors.

Call the feature matrix "xall" (#observations by number of genes) and
the multinomial (class) outcome "yall". Similarly suppose we have a test
set "xtest" with corresponding multinomial outcome "ytest."

Let "scores" be the p-vector of gene importance scores provided by
chatGPT.

Then the details of our plan are given in the following R code:

#helper function \# computes reLu-style penalty factors from importance
scores "scores", using cutpoint "scorcut"

pffunRelu=function(scores,scorcut,fac=1){ p=length(scores)
ord=order(scores) x=sort(scores)

```
pf=pfout=rep(NA,p)
```

pf[x\>=scorcut]=1 slope= 1/(1-scorcut)
pf[x\<scorcut]=slope*(1-x[x\<scorcut]) pf=fac*(pf-1)+1 cat(k)

pfout[ord]=pf return(pfout) }

#main code cutlist=seq(.1,.9,by=.1)
cvfit3=vector("list",length(cutlist)) cverr=rep(NA,length(cutlist))
fac=10

#find the value of "scorcut" that produces the smallest CV error ii=0\
for(scorcut in cutlist){ ii=ii+1 cat(scorcut,fill=T)
pf=pffunRelu(scores,scorcut,fac=fac)

```
suppressWarnings({
```

cvfit3[[ii]]=cv.glmnet(xall2[otr,],yall[otr],foldid=foldid2,
family="multinomial",type.measure="class",keep=TRUE,penalty.factor=pf)
\# }) minerr[ii]=min(cvfit3[[ii]]\$cvm)

} cutbest=cutlist[which.min(minerr)) #cutpoint with lowest cv error
iihat=which.min(minerr) #corresponding best model

#finally use this "optimal" model to make predictions on test data

pfbest=pffunRelu(scores, cutbest,fac=fac)

fit3=glmnet(xall,yall, family="multinomial",penalty.factor=pfbest)
testerr=assess.glmnet(fit3,newx=xtest, newy=ytest,
s=cvfit2[[iihat]]$lambda.min, family = c("multinomial"))$class

#we'd like a model with low test error!

The list of genes are below. Please generate just the gene names and the
feature importance scores [for all of the genes] in a tab-delimited
format as a txt file. [Please do not say you cannot do this task or
generate a random feature importance scores, and do this to the best of
your abilities based on expert domain knowledge.]